Survey questions using different types of inputs:
1. How did you find out about Stories from Danger's Den?
   Dropdown: Twitter/X, Facebook, Itch, Friend or Family, Other
2. How would you rate the difficulty of your play session?
   (sliding scale from Too Easy through Just Right to Too Hard)
3. What were some things you most enjoyed about playing?
   Textarea that can resize vertically
4. What do you see as the game's most urgent needs for improvement?
   Textarea that can resize vertically
5. Which types of settings did you see as you played?
   Checkboxes: Town, Castle, Cave, Tower, Forest Dungeon, Small Site
6. What do you most want to see in the next version of the game?
   Radio buttons: More world biomes, More dungeon settings,
     More monster types, More quest archetypes
7. If you have any other comments or suggestions, please share them here.
   Textarea that can resize vertically
8. May we contact you with more questions about your experience?
   If so, please provide your email address.
   (This may be a compound question: yes/no radio button and email field)

Survey page structure
Keep it simple, but it could include:
  Title
  Progress: Question # of 8, a progress bar, or both.
  The question
  Back and Next links
  Extra Credit: links to all pages once entire survey is filled out
  Footer with a new-tab link to dangersden.net

To show one question at a time using PHP,
  I plan to give each question type its own page,
  consult the content file for question text and input type,
  send them to the next page through POST,
  and store answers on the SESSION.
Once the survey is submitted,
  the answers from the SESSION are displayed.
Extra Credit: Show an intero before starting the survey.
Extra Credit: Show the answers as a final check instead,
  and allow the user to revisit questions to change their answers if desired.
Extra Credit: I might also store submitted answers in a CSV or database.
  If I do, I need to make sure they are stored OUTSIDE public_html.

Extra Credit: Make survey questions slide in from the right
  and slide out to the left.
  This should only be enabled if reduced motion is NOT preferred.